Zombie Skeleton:
Assumed to be second of its species, this is, as stated before, the second instance of the "living undead". Though it resembles a skeleton, it's not as weak as one would be, being similar in strength and speed to the Zombie.

Crawler:
Being essentially a downgrade of the Zombie, its weakness is not being as frightening as the others. Of course, this doesn't make it any less difficult to handle as an enemy, functioning essentially the same as the Zombie.

Slime:
Unlike most of the others, this isn't a "living undead". The true origin of it is unknown, yet it's speculated that it originates from a completely different universe than ours.

Spider:
Also known as a "zombified spider", this isn't truly a spider despite its looks. Being bigger and less weak compared to normal spiders, it's assumed that this was simply an evolution of a normal spider after being "zombified".

Ghost:
This isn't actually a ghost, despite what it looks like and what its widespread name is. Nobody is sure about where this entity came from, and no information can be extrapolated from the being as it is incapable of any form of communication.

Lanky Spider:
I DON'T FUCKING KNOW WHAT TO WRITE

Zombie Mummy:
Despite it being a mummy, meaning the first instance of it probably derived from way back in the past, it was actually first spotted way after the normal Zombie and Zombie Skeleton. It's incredibly aggressive and it will not give up on a target unless someone else angers it during combat.

Egyptian Crawler:
Check the Crawler's description instead.

Raven Mummy:
Check the Raven's description instead.

Egyptian Stalker:
Check the Stalker's description instead.

Skeleton Head:
Similar to the Zombie Head, this one is tied to the Zombie Skeleton.

Zombie:
Even with the insane amount of them existing in this world, they are also very unique, being what's assumed to be the first instance of living beings apart from humans. They are very slow and weak, though, and cause almost no damage even in big packs.

Army Crawler:
Check the Crawler's description instead.

Raven:
One of the first instances of "zombified" beings that are capable of flying. Their flying is very limited though, and it doesn't help them get anywhere higher up compared to the others. Due to their flight capabilities, they are way faster than the basic Zombie.

Zombie Mutant:
Slow yet resistant, this zombie is way stronger than the basic Zombie, and it's capable of causing a lot of damage if you stand still near one. One downside, or upside if you're a human, is that they're incredibly slow with their attacks, and it is very easy to escape from them if you're not packed into one place by other enemies.

Stalker:
Though it doesn't have any eyes, it's capable of perfectly spotting you no matter what. Unfortunately for it, though, it isn't as strong as most of the others.

Zombie Head:
This is what's left of the Zombie when it loses its head. Surprisingly, the head is perfectly sentient and functions as a completely different being once detached from its host. Only capable of jumping around and biting humans, it's not very strong.

Headless Zombie:
It doesn't have its head, yet it can still function perfectly fine and can still spot humans just as well as when it has one. This entity is, in every way, just a decapitated Zombie, and between it and the Zombie, there aren't any huge or noticeable differences.
